README.md, before:

# booth-cam
Small webpage to focus the CMU Spring Carnival camera on KGB's booth

This repo holds the two html files for the KGB booth cam page. One is for the
live cam during carnival and one is for the timelapse posted the rest of the
year. The appropriate page should be symliked to by index.html in the
`/var/www/booth-cam` directory on the web server.

That page is accessible at http://booth.cmukgb.org.
In the past, this page has been embedded on the 2013 WordPress site at
https://www.cmukgb.org/2013/?page_id=92 to make it look prettier.
Something similar could be done with https://www.cmukgb.org/booth/
on the 2019 version of the site.

To keep this up to date:
* Update the Facebook link on the WordPress site each year.
* Update the header on the WordPress site before and after Carnival. You can
  see the revision history to see what it was set to for past Carnivals.
* Update the date Carnival starts in the counter on the live page. Search for
  counter and the date should be visible and obvious.
* Switch the symlink to live before build week and back after Carnival.
* Update the video dimensions. In both the timelapse and the live page, change
  the “top” and “left” attributes on the video. The easiest way to find them is
  probably to search for “px” or “top” or “left.” They should be some large
  negative value. Unfortunately you just have to use trial and error and keep
  reloading the page in your browser until KGBooth is in frame. Make sure to
  update these values in two places in the live page (mobile and non-mobile)
  and one place in the timelapse page.
* Update the video source. In both pages, change the youtube link to this
  year’s link. You can search for “youtube” to find what to change. Get this
  year’s link from http://carnival.activitiesboard.org. Make sure autoplay is
  on.  Also, if Spring Carnival Committee (or AB Tech) keeps hosting the
  non-youtube, image-based version, update that link too. You may not have to
  change anything because the current link is
  http://carnival.activitiesboard.org/image.jpg which seems future-proof.
  * Update 2018: Well I guess I spoke too soon. Currently,
    http://activitiesboard.org is having issues, so there is no still image.
    You can get the live video from http://springcarnival.org. I am leaving the
    above in case things get fixed in the future. - Murphy
  * Further Update 2018: Apparently we aren't allowed to embed the YouTube
    video, so screw it all, I guess. Hopefully this changes soon. For now, I
    commented the relevant parts and added a message instead of the video.
    \- Murphy
  * Update 2020-12-05: I finally moved this over to the new webserver.  The
    aforementioned embedding issues were fixed with Spring Carnival Committee
    for 2019, so this should be able to work again once KGBooth returns.
    \- tparenti

Commit message:

Update for 2022
Booth is back!

But carnival.activitiesboard.org and its static image are not.  Simplify
by removing a lot of code that would've handled that.  And clean up the
README.

The 2018 embed issues related to SCC's YouTube account and were resolved
for 2019, but KGB didn't have a booth that year, so it was moot for us.
YouTube has since changed other things about how embedding works; in
particular, due to autoplay abuse, videos will generally refuse to
autoplay on just any domain unless explicitly muted, and even then will
typically only autoplay on desktop.  Future work could involve
re-working the embed to allow a button to hit "play" for folks on
mobile, since the play button's technically there, it's just...way
outside the crop.

Also, KGB revised the shield logo a while back.

It's, uh, been a few years.

README.md, after:

# booth-cam
Small webpage to focus the CMU Spring Carnival camera on KGB's booth

This repo holds the two html files for the KGB booth cam page. One is for the
live cam during carnival and one is for the timelapse posted the rest of the
year. The appropriate page should be symliked to by index.html in the
`/var/www/booth-cam` directory on the web server.

That page is accessible at http://booth.cmukgb.org.
In the past, this page has been embedded on the 2013 WordPress site at
https://www.cmukgb.org/2013/?page_id=92 to make it look prettier.
Something similar could be done with https://www.cmukgb.org/booth/
on the 2019 version of the site.

To keep this up to date:
* Update the Facebook link on the WordPress site each year.
* Update the header on the WordPress site before and after Carnival. You can
  see the revision history to see what it was set to for past Carnivals.
* Update the date Carnival starts in the counter on the live page. Search for
  counter and the date should be visible and obvious.
* Switch the symlink to live before build week and back after Carnival.
* Update the video dimensions. In both the timelapse and the live page, change
  the “top” and “left” attributes on the video. The easiest way to find them is
  probably to search for “px” or “top” or “left.” They should be some large
  negative value. Unfortunately you just have to use trial and error and keep
  reloading the page in your browser until KGBooth is in frame. Make sure to
  update these values in the live page and in the timelapse page.
* Update the video source. In both pages, change the youtube link to this
  year’s link. You can search for “youtube” to find what to change. Get this
  year’s link from https://www.springcarnival.org or their
  [YouTube account](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCU9POVg8y6XmdT_seh6nHDA).
  Make sure autoplay is on and, further, that the mute parameter is set
  so that autoplay actually works (at least on desktop).
